The first article focused mostly on determining what are the reasons people participate in open source software. It dove in on the "intrinsic" motivators, such as fun, sense of community, but recognized that the greatest motivator of all was money. I think that every open source project should have some way to extrinsicly motivate developers with the potential of forwarding their career if it wants to be successful. But I also think for a project to really thrive, or "blow up", it often needs to have some intrinsic motivators that keep developers passionate about the project. Lots of developers can and do write code for the purpose of putting it on their resume, but people sometimes dedicate themselves to a problem that they find very interesting or fun -- intrinsic motivations. 

The second article was focused mostly on the "extrinsic" motivators; how open source development is good for one's career or for their company. I found the article's steps on "how to be a good corporate citizen when participating in an open source project" particularly interesting, because of how it emphasizes slowly becoming more involved in the project. It recommends that you first "lurk" the project, learn how things are done and what the expectations in the community are. I have personally found this to be the case; all of the people I know who contribute to an open source community say that they didn't dive in with commits, but rather took their time watching the project and learning about it before ever contributing to it. I think that this is a very effective way to get involved in open source communities.  
